Speaker 0: You have reached as and stuff like that this is Donna I'll be assisting you with your increase today police speed for that this call is being recorded in one third for quality assurance purposes how may I help you.
Speaker 1: I well I bought a right I got this from absence of Oregon oil for shipping handling and handling Costa Friday nine nine a sample of it and if I want to cancel the order I had to do it within.
Speaker 1: Teen age and so that is when I want wanted to do I didn't want to I didn't want to get you know like a monthly.
Speaker 1: For what is it eighty three dollars a month I can't afford that.
Speaker 0: Okay I'm more than happy I'm happy to assist you for me to be able to pull up your subscription here could you provide me your first and your last name.
Speaker 1: Carolyn she a R. O. L. Y. N. lake way Katie.
Speaker 0: L. white.
Speaker 0: And then.
Speaker 1: Yes.
Speaker 0: L. eighteen.
Speaker 1: Yes.
Speaker 0: Cat.
Speaker 0: Yeah I had to pull up here hospice correction here or your account.
Speaker 0: And that could be done address higher email address please.
Speaker 1: It's lake three nine two one at Hotmail dot com.
Speaker 0: How bout your shipping address.
Speaker 1: Three ten Warren Avenue number two that Wyoming eight two seven one six.
Speaker 0: And is your shipping address a mature billing address.
Speaker 1: Correct.
Speaker 0: How bout your phone number.
Speaker 1: Three oh seven six zero two oh six eight.
Speaker 0: Okay thank you very much for that information is lake if you don't want me asking me another reason why you want to cancel the subscription.
Speaker 1: Well I just I thought I was just getting a sample order of it you know always curious is.
Speaker 0: Have you.
Speaker 1: How it works and everything.
Speaker 0: Yes uhhuh have you already you.
Speaker 1: Not all of it but.
Speaker 1: Not all of it is that I have.
Speaker 0: Okay.
Speaker 1: I have been using it yes.
Speaker 0: Okay I understand that instantly out this is what I can do for you for you to be able to you know to maximizer enjoy the benefits of the archive outgoing to extend your up pre trial for another fifteen days with no charge so at least you do how well fifteen days.
Speaker 0: To enjoy you know I mean he brought up and then give us a call back before the end of that fifteen the addition or extension for you to give us the feedback because what I heard from you so that you haven't used the product of that much so you're not you know you did not yet got the benefits of it so this to reason why I'm extending.
Speaker 0: Your.
Speaker 0: Period or your pre trial for you to be able to enjoy and this call by the benefits of essence of five okay.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 1: What would that be.
Speaker 0: Okay let me check here.
Speaker 0: So your already extended your pretrial it will add on August twenty fourth.
Speaker 0: So you need to give us a call back before August twenty fourth to give us feedback.
Speaker 0: If you I mean what happened to the product if if this is something you know.
Speaker 0: It give you the benefits that you need but.
Speaker 0: Let's say you love the products they like the products either give us a call back that got you will be automatically you will be receiving.
Speaker 0: Another bottle for your monthly subscription.
Speaker 0: And it was set up a call I heard that you're not you know.
Speaker 0: Your.
Speaker 1: You're.
Speaker 0: Dealing about the.
Speaker 0: The price which is eighty three dollars a day.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 0: So what I can do for you is aside from extending your pre trial for another fifteen days and also giving you my employee discount.
Speaker 0: Let's just try to see press had.
Speaker 0: This count.
Speaker 0: So instead the P. eighty two dollars and eighty cents who's going to pay only sixty seven dollars and four cents how bout that.
Speaker 1: I I can't I can't afford that.
Speaker 0: Okay this is not a high this is my maximum employer just got a forty percent employee discount I'll give it to you it's actually a lifestyle employee discount so instead of paying eighteen dollars and eighty cents or just you pay you fifty dollars and twenty eight.
Speaker 1: And no I can't I can't I cannot do that.
Speaker 1: I don't like to.
Speaker 1: I wanted to ask you to is.
Speaker 0: I had.
Speaker 1:
Speaker 1: How often in my first used at like nine or.
Speaker 0: Yes as long as you want.
Speaker 1: Use it at night.
Speaker 0: Yes once you want as long as you need it.
Speaker 1:
Speaker 0: Okay okay is like I just.
Speaker 1: I can't afford.
Speaker 0: A can I just.
Speaker 0: I sure thank you.
Speaker 0: Thank you very much for your patience in waiting misli.
Speaker 1: Mmhm.
Speaker 0: Okay all right talk to my supervisor add them.
Speaker 0: She asked me what mom would you feel the product will be more affordable for you and make your Chrissy your subscription with this.
Speaker 1:
Speaker 1: If.
Speaker 0: We will ask you do you think.
Speaker 1: I could you know like fifteen dollars all right now that you know but that.
Speaker 0: Okay no way that's great because it would be giving you my employee discount the for the process right so my supervisor you another fourteen percent so that's that they could eighty percent so instead I'll be eighteen dollars and eighty cents what you'll be paying is only sixteen dollars and seventy six cents.
Speaker 0: Every month for everybody how bout that.
Speaker 1: This is great.
Speaker 0: Okay that's great so well I'm extending.
Speaker 1: Your.
Speaker 0: Pretrial until August twenty fourth after August twenty fourth you will be charged only.
Speaker 0: Sixteen dollars and seventy six cents okay so every month you will be being I mean you will be receiving a bottle essence of our god and you will be enjoying the benefits.
Speaker 0: Off the product but you will be only be.
Speaker 0: Sixteen dollar and seventy six.
Speaker 0: Okay.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 0: Okay that so that's great so.
Speaker 0: Just for a recap this lake I extend that to your pretrial for another few days and it's going to be and odd.
Speaker 0: All this thread before so you can give us a call back by within that period of time to give us feedback but it's like what I said if you enjoy the product is give you the benefit of the amazing benefits of the product to the need to give us a call back it will be automatically you will be receiving a subscription every month but you will be only if pacey sixteen dollars seventy six cents because you already give you our employee discount eighty four cents for life that okay.
Speaker 1: Okay all right.
Speaker 0: Okay this so is there anything else I can help you with.
Speaker 1: That would be it.
Speaker 0: Okay that's so leave all your your this this thank you for calling us and stuff like that have a great day.
Speaker 1: You too bye bye.
