Speaker 0: Thanks for calling agency my name is Erica can have their ourselves the number you're calling about today.
Speaker 1: Four zero six five three nine one one two zero two.
Speaker 0: Numbers for a zero six five three nine one two zero two is that correct.
Speaker 1: Yes.
Speaker 0: I help you today.
Speaker 1: Well I got this letter and I can get the blackbird towards.
Speaker 0: Can't the war any more than half its just before I proceed for security reasons if your account please verify some information for me first.
Speaker 0: Can have the first and last name of the account holder.
Speaker 0: Okay.
Speaker 0: And do my speaking with today finance minister out million can you please verify the billing zip code.
Speaker 1: Five nine seven one four.
Speaker 0: And also the last four digits of your social security number.
Speaker 1: Five.
Speaker 0: So much for that information just to make it clear today to Centralia used even read letter regarding his locker torch and you want to take advantage of this.
Speaker 1: Offer.
Speaker 1: Yes.
Speaker 0: Okay be more than happy to assist you that I've been feeling out all the information needed for an exchange and will be processed within twenty four hours from now and I just want to let you know that the new device will arrive within three to five business days.
Speaker 0: Please do not return.
Speaker 1: All falling.
Speaker 0: Because you're keeping your device and I just want to let you know that if there is no fun snobs returned within thirty.
Speaker 0: You will be subject to a high fifty dollar charge build your account.
Speaker 0: Also please forget to take the sim card out of the original phone and places and then you phone okay.
Speaker 0: And also you will be receiving a customer service and we did at times are ET do service by EDT features by email or use mail this some real including activation fee however this is not apply to you and you will not be charged.
Speaker 0: We do apologize for any confusion this may cost any have any further questions regarding this please feel free to that six one one from eighteen T. has said okay.
Speaker 0: And that is sending a return label us out for you to return the older guys I'm just going to verify where they want me to send their return label you want me to send it by email archer shipping address.
Speaker 1: Sure.
Speaker 0: Okay so I'm just going to verify that it would be to ninety eight master drive delegate Montana.
Speaker 0: Five nine seven one force that correct.
Speaker 1: Yes.
Speaker 0: Okay and is this the same address from going to ship the blackberry torch.
Speaker 1: Yes.
Speaker 0: Okay and also once you receive the black I return labels just simply a six phone box and drop it in any USPS blue box okay.
Speaker 1: In war.
Speaker 0: In any USPS blue box.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 0: Okay so I'm done feeling out all the information needed here for the exchange so do you have any questions regarding information that I provided you Mister Nelligan.
Speaker 1: Now.
Speaker 0: Is there anything else I can help you with.
Speaker 1: I don't want.
Speaker 0: Okay we do value britian services thank you for calling you can do you have a great day.
Speaker 1: Thank you.
Speaker 0: Okay bye.
Speaker 1: Bye.